One of the final steps of Polish is kind of looking at our app holistically and looking at the configuration
that is currently in the app, and if we do that, we can quickly see that our app is lacking a proper
splash screen as well as when we go over to the home.
What we can see here is that no icon is loading.
This is the icon, the app icon that the Apple load both on Android and iOS, if you were to release
it on the App Store.
So currently we don't have any of that.
Now, we did put together some icons for you, some XHTML icons, but you could create whatever icon
you like as well as a splash screen.
And if we go over here to assets, well, what we want to do is we want to get rid of our adaptive icon
because that's not something that we want.
And we also want to get rid of the icon.
And once we do that, then we'll get rid of what is the home background look like?
That's correct.
The icon, we don't need that of these things kind of give us.
A bad user experience, so we want to make sure that we clear it out and then what we'll do is we'll
pull an icon icon at 2x, an icon at three and the splash page, pull that into our assets.
And if we go to our apple, Jason, what we'll see here is adaptive icon will now be iconic and we'll
make sure that that's correct.
Icon that PJI.
Will remove our Web clothes because we don't really need that.
We're not focusing on the Web, the support tablets at the true.
Splashed up PMG icon that PMG, the orientation's portrait.
And so if we save that, what we'll see is that when we go home.
And we load the app now, it's loading our splash screen as well as if we go to home and we were to
refresh this list.
Well, clearly, it still doesn't have the icon.
So something is still caching.
And if we refresh our XPO app now, we can see that Meals to Go has the Zero to Mastery logo as well
as the splash screen.
You can create whatever splash and logo you prefer, but it's a little bit of Polish that you have to
be aware of that can be configured for you and it adds that extra bit of finish to your application.